clk_gen, input, areset
clk_gen, input, inclk0
clk_gen, output, c0
clk_gen, output, c1
clk_gen, output, c2
clk_gen, output, c3
clk_gen, output, locked
ov5640_vga_640x480, output, xclk
fifo_data, input, aclr
fifo_data, input, rdclk
fifo_data, input, wrclk
fifo_data, input, data
fifo_data, input, rdreq
fifo_data, input, wrreq
fifo_data, output, q
fifo_data, output, rdusedw
fifo_data, output, wrusedw
fifo_ctrl, output, sdram_wr_req
fifo_ctrl, output, sdram_wr_addr
fifo_ctrl, output, sdram_rd_req
fifo_ctrl, output, sdram_rd_addr
sdram_arbit, output, aref_en
sdram_arbit, output, wr_en
sdram_arbit, output, rd_en
sdram_arbit, output, sdram_ba
sdram_arbit, output, sdram_addr
sdram_read, output, read_cmd
sdram_read, output, read_ba
sdram_read, output, read_addr
sdram_write, output, write_cmd
sdram_write, output, write_ba
sdram_write, output, write_addr
sdram_write, output, wr_sdram_en
sdram_a_ref, output, aref_req
sdram_a_ref, output, aref_cmd
sdram_a_ref, output, aref_ba
sdram_a_ref, output, aref_addr
sdram_init, output, init_cmd
sdram_init, output, init_ba
sdram_init, output, init_addr
i2c_ctrl, output, i2c_clk
i2c_ctrl, output, i2c_end
i2c_ctrl, output, rd_data
i2c_ctrl, output, i2c_scl
ov5640_cfg, output, cfg_start
ov5640_cfg, output, cfg_done
